bpo-33809: add the TracebackException.print() method (#24231)
python/cpython: Doc/library/traceback.rst

      Note that when locals are captured, they are also shown in the traceback.

   .. method::  print(*, file=None, chain=True)

>       Print to *file* the exception information as returned by :meth:`format`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      Print to *file* (default sys.stderr) the exception information returned by :meth:`format`.
```
